By downloading or using the app, these terms will automatically apply to you – you should make sure therefore that you read them carefully before using the app. You’re not allowed to copy, or modify the app, any part of the app, or our trademarks in any way. You’re not allowed to attempt to extract the source code of the app, and you also shouldn’t try to translate the app into other languages, or make derivative versions. The app itself, and all the trade marks, copyright, database rights and other intellectual property rights related to it, still belong to The developer.

The developer is committed to ensuring that the app is as useful and efficient as possible. For that reason, the developer  reserve the right to make changes to the app at any time and for any reason. 

The Micro Pinner app does not store or processes personal data as it is not needed in order to provide it's services. It’s your responsibility to keep your phone and access to the app secure. We therefore recommend that you do not jailbreak or root your phone, which is the process of removing software restrictions and limitations imposed by the official operating system of your device. It could make your phone vulnerable to malware/viruses/malicious programs, compromise your phone’s security features and it could mean that the Micro Pinner app won’t work properly or at all.

You should be aware that there are certain things that the developer will not take responsibility for.The developer will not take responsibility for the way you use the app i.e. Confidential notes pinned and exposed etc, The developer cannot accept responsibility.

With respect to the developer’s responsibility for your use of the app, when you’re using the app, it’s important to bear in mind that the developer strives to ensure that it(Micro Pinner) is updated and correct at all times, it is good to note that the app does rely on third parties to provide information to us so that we can make it available to you. The developer accepts no liability for any loss, direct or indirect, you experience as a result of relying wholly on the functionality of the app.

At some point, we may wish to update the app. The app is currently available only on Android (5.0+) – the requirements for both systems (and for any additional systems we decide to extend the availability of the app to) may change, and you’ll need to download the updates if you want to keep using the app. The developer does not promise that it will always update the app so that it is relevant to you and/or works with the version that you have installed on your device. However, you promise to always accept updates to the application when offered to you, We may also wish to stop providing the app, and may terminate use of it at any time without giving notice of termination to you. Unless we tell you otherwise, upon any termination, (a) the rights and licenses granted to you in these terms will end; (b) you must stop using the app, and (if needed) delete it from your device.

Changes to This Terms and Conditions

I may update Terms and Conditions from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this document periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes my making changes to this document. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Terms and Conditions, do not hesitate to [contact me](lukas@wolfsteiner.de).
